You see that?
This is the end of going against my Zhengbei Palace
But don't worry.
I'll take you to Beidou right away
You three don't know the number of days
How dare you help the rebels
His Royal Highness
All the companies under Tianquan Group have been seized
Funds have also been frozen
In addition, Li Canglong's military power has also been fully recovered
3 ungrateful dog things
Don't look for a place to look up
Dare to make trouble again
I just need to move my finger a little bit
I can save you from the end
His Royal Highness the Prince is waiting here
Small natural insignificant
Why didn't you ask me to pour music theory?
When the family goes bankrupt
What about your domineering energy?
Oh chop hands
It looks like you just went broke too, doesn't it?